1.	Problem Description
a.	Description
    While purchasing an item from a retail store one of the concerns faced by consumers is 
	to know if the item contains any allergic ingredients. This concept will facilitate the consumer 
	to get information about any allergic ingredients contained in the item.
b.	Business Context (Describe the problem and its impact)
    Allergic reactions can be fatal, so while purchasing a product knowing it is a better customer experience. 
	It will also benefit the retailer as it will reduce the return of the products. Additionally, 
	it will also protect the retailer and the vendor from legal liabilities. As a strategic technology group, 
	it is imperative to come up with ideas that can bring change for good to end consumers to be ahead in 
	the competition and this idea aligns to that philosophy. Additionally, it adds value to the Infosys brand 
	and aids in additional revenue.
c.	Key Stakeholders
	End consumer of retail products globally
2.	Solution Features
a.	Deliverables
	Provide a mobile app using which consumer can take picture of the ingredients from the product label 
	and upload the image. The mobile should also have option to update the user profiles. The allergic information 
	of the user can also be fetched from prescription/other services. Use LLM models to extract the ingredients. 
	Once the ingredients are available as text another prompt can be sent to LLM chat completion API to respond 
	with allergy information from the ingredients and provide recommendation to user.
b.	Must Have 
	•	A mobile app
	•	Ability to edit and update user information
	  Manually From prescription images From external sources (like ABDM)
  •	Ability to take picture of ingredients from the product label and submit for response.
c.	Good to Have
    The same concept can be extended to other health risks like identifying contents for diabetes, cholesterol etc.
d.	Existing Solutions/Products
    Not known if any such solution/product exists as of today.
e.	Reference
    https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/vision
    AWS/Azure/GCP
f.	Relevance
    The solution will be utilized by end consumer in retail industry globally while purchasing products from any retailer. 
3.	Requirement
a.	Software Required, if any (Mention suggested technologies to be used)
     NodeJS/Java/Python, LLM API call.
b.	Hardware Required, if any (will need to be funded by the account)
    API Gateway, Serverless components for logic implementation, Monitoring components, Security components, 
	Database, Cloud storage.
